=head1 NAME

3dxactivator - 3DxWare activation daemon

=head1 SYNOPSIS

3dxactivator [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

3DxWare is a driver that supports the 3Dconnection's space mouses.
The driver provided by 3Dconnection Inc. is installed as kernel-space daemon
and should be run by the administrator due to right accesses to the USB device.
When launched, the official 3DxWare driver open a X windows.

To avoid the opening of the X windows at startup of the host, 3dxactivator
is a kernel-space daemon that is waiting for activation and desactivator commands
from user-space applications.
When an activation command is received, the 3dxactivator daemon launchs the
official 3DxWare driver.
When a desactivation command is received, the 3dxactivator daemon sends a kill
signal to the official 3DxWare driver.

=head1 SUPPORTED COMMANDS

The supported commands are:

=over 4

=item B<start>

Start the official 3DxWare driver.

=item B<stop>

Stop the official 3DxWare driver.

=item B<quit>

Stop the 3dxactivator daemon.

=back

=head1 HOW TO PASS COMMAND TO 3DXACTIVATOR?

The 3dxactivator daemon read the file /var/run/3dxware/actions to obtain the commands to run.
To provide a command to the 3dxactivator daemon, you should write in this file the string
that is corresponding to the name of the action.

We recommand to use 3dxmanager to control the 3dxactivator daemon.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-d[=S<device>]>

Specify the device that the 3DxWare driver should use. By default: usb.

=item B<--wakeup[=S<seconds>]>

Specify the delay that is used by the 3dxactivator daemon between each reading of
the actions' file. By default: 1 second.

=item B<--quiet>

No logging message.

=item B<-v>

Increase the level of the logged messages.

=head1 LICENSE

S<GNU Public License (GPL)>

Copyright (c) 2008  Stéphane GALLAND <galland@arakhne.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU L<General Public License|http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html> as published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the  GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; see the file S<COPYING>. If not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

=head1 MANUAL COPYRIGHT

S<GNU Free Documentation License (FDL)>

Copyright (c)  2008  Stéphane Galland E<lt>galland@arakhne.orgE<gt>.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the L<GNU Free Documentation License|http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.txt>, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; with the Invariant Sections being S<AUTOLATEX LICENSE> and S<MANUAL COPYRIGHT>, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the file name S<GNU Free Documentation License.txt>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<3dxware>, L<3dxmanager>, L<g3dxapplet>

