=head1 NAME

3dxmanager - 3DxWare user-space utility

=head1 SYNOPSIS

3dxmanager [options] {start|stop|quit}

=head1 DESCRIPTION

3DxWare is a driver that supports the 3Dconnection's space mouses.
The driver provided by 3Dconnection Inc. is installed as kernel-space daemon
and should be run by the administrator due to right accesses to the USB device.
When launched, the official 3DxWare driver open a X windows.

To avoid the opening of the X windows at startup of the host, 3dxactivator
is a kernel-space daemon that is waiting for activation and desactivator commands
from user-space applications.
When an activation command is received, the 3dxactivator daemon launchs the
official 3DxWare driver.
When a desactivation command is received, the 3dxactivator daemon sends a kill
signal to the official 3DxWare driver.

The 3dxmanager tool permits to send a command to the 3dxactivator daemon even if
you have not administrative rights.

=head1 SUPPORTED COMMANDS

The supported commands are:

=over 4

=item B<start>

Start the official 3DxWare driver.

=item B<stop>

Stop the official 3DxWare driver.

=item B<quit>

Stop the 3dxactivator daemon.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--wait>

The 3dxmanager will wait until the command was treated by the 3dxactivator daemon.

=item B<--nowait>

The 3dxmanager will not wait until the command was treated by the 3dxactivator daemon.
The option xauses the 3dxmanager to immediately return.

=item B<--version>

Display the version of the official 3DxWare driver and of the user-space tools.

=item B<-v>

Increase the level of the logged messages.

=head1 LICENSE

S<GNU Public License (GPL)>

Copyright (c) 2008  Stéphane GALLAND <galland@arakhne.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU L<General Public License|http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html> as published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the  GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; see the file S<COPYING>. If not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

=head1 MANUAL COPYRIGHT

S<GNU Free Documentation License (FDL)>

Copyright (c)  2008  Stéphane Galland E<lt>galland@arakhne.orgE<gt>.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the L<GNU Free Documentation License|http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.txt>, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; with the Invariant Sections being S<AUTOLATEX LICENSE> and S<MANUAL COPYRIGHT>, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the file name S<GNU Free Documentation License.txt>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<3dxware>, L<3dxactivator>, L<g3dxapplet>

