=head1 NAME

g3dxapplet - Gnome2 notification applet for 3DxWare

=head1 SYNOPSIS

g3dxapplet

=head1 DESCRIPTION

3DxWare is a driver that supports the 3Dconnection's space mouses.
The driver provided by 3Dconnection Inc. is installed as kernel-space daemon
and should be run by the administrator due to right accesses to the USB device.
When launched, the official 3DxWare driver open a X windows.

The g3dxapplet is a Gnome2 applet which is located in the notification area of your
Gnome desktop.
This applet display the current state of the 3DxWare system and permits to launch or
stop the 3DxWare driver.

Each time you click on the applet, it will start or stop the 3DxWare driver.

=head1 LICENSE

S<GNU Public License (GPL)>

Copyright (c) 2008  Stéphane GALLAND <galland@arakhne.org>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU L<General Public License|http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html> as published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the  GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; see the file S<COPYING>. If not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

=head1 MANUAL COPYRIGHT

S<GNU Free Documentation License (FDL)>

Copyright (c)  2008  Stéphane Galland E<lt>galland@arakhne.orgE<gt>.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the L<GNU Free Documentation License|http://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl.txt>, Version 1.2 or any later version published by the L<Free Software Foundation|http://www.fsf.org/>; with the Invariant Sections being S<AUTOLATEX LICENSE> and S<MANUAL COPYRIGHT>, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the file name S<GNU Free Documentation License.txt>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<3dxware>, L<3dxactivator>, L<3dxmanager>

